Here
Mom
Have a chicken wing
Looks like you've grown wings too
Such a dangerous operation
and you just went along with it
Aren't I perfectly fine
sitting here eating now?
Besides, your sweetheart is so sharp
I'm telling you
Your dad is already like that
You want me to worry about one more person?
Mom
Calm down, please
I promise
if there's ever a next time
I'll be more careful
You want there to be a next time?
There won't be
Mom
Let me ask you something
Do you still remember
before something happened to my dad
was anything off about him?
I only remember that back then
he suddenly got very busy
and mysteriously told me
if anything happened to him
to take good care of you
At that time
he often snuck out at night
I almost thought
he had someone else outside
At that time, he
got a phone call
and then hurried out
No idea who called
Why tell me this only now?
You were fishing for this, weren't you?
How many times have I told you
your dad is never waking up
Are you ignoring everything I say?
Mom
I hope you can support me
Even if you don't support me
don't stand in my way
Look at my dad
He's just lying there
I've never again heard him personally
call me sweetheart
My dad was a lawyer all his life
He won cases for so many vulnerable people
But what about him now?
Now he's lying in a coma
and was framed for taking bribes
But the person who caused all this
is still out there free
I can't just
watch all this happen
I will definitely
find out the truth
Mom
Work's been busy lately
so I won't be coming back to stay for now
You must take good care of yourself
and my dad too
I heard a new person is joining the team
Who is it?
I'm telling you
It's definitely Lu Yi
Right
Lu Yi is joining our squad
Has she already arrived?
I saw her in the office building
Captain
Why agree to transfer her here?
I think Lu Yi is pretty good
She's quick on the uptake
and very attentive
Let's give young people a
chance to grow
What's wrong?
You did well on this mission
You've got what it takes to be a detective
As for your dad
I can finally give some account
Director Zheng, you flatter me
You and my dad go way back too
These past years since my dad's accident
you've really looked after us
Don't worry
I'll definitely work hard
I won't let you down
That's the spirit
Reporting in
Come in
Director Zheng
Lin Shen
You came at the right time
This is Lu Yi, our new team member
Show her around and get her settled in
No need
I know this place well
Director Zheng
I have something to report to you
All right
Lu Yi
Then you
go find Captain Duan first
Got it
Then Director Zheng, I'll head out first
What's going on, Lei ge?
There's a story there, huh?
Do you know about that cold case from our bureau years ago
The No. 13 Middle School Murder Case
That lawyer, Lu Yong
One time, First Team
was catching a fugitive near No. 13 Middle School
just as they were about to wrap up
they realized Big Guy had vanished
In the storage room at No. 13 Middle School
when they found Big Guy
he had already been shot
He was dead
There were also two bodies lying beside him
There was one more very strange thing
Someone showed up at the scene
who should not have been there
It was Lu Yong
A lawyer
No one knew why
he just happened to be there
with a large sum of money on him
Could it be
that the fugitive did it
No
At the arrest scene, there was also
another murder
Maybe Lu Yong and Big Guy
walked in on the murder
but no one knows what exactly happened
So Lu Yi's dad also
didn't make it
Only Big Guy was killed
The only witness, Lu Yong, fell into a coma
But it was later confirmed
that the bullet type found in Big Guy
matched his own service weapon
But that gun mysteriously disappeared
And the killer was never found
Then how did Lu Yi become a cop
The scene had been cleaned up thoroughly
The only witness, Lu Yong, stayed in a coma
The case remained unsolved
and there were all kinds of rumors
They said that stack of cash in Lu Yong's pocket
was slipped to him by the defendant
In our bureau
Stop right there
Why are you talking nonsense about unproven things
Is that a habit in our team
Lu Yi
before anything happened to her dad
had already gotten into police academy
After graduating, she was assigned to
our South City Police Station
And she did very well on this case
She was transferred to our team
Got it
Back to work
New recruit Xiao Lu
reporting for duty
Lu Yi
Welcome, welcome
Welcome to the Criminal Investigation Team
Hello, Captain Duan
To become one of your team members
is truly such an honor for me
You sure know what to say
Hello, everyone
Long time no see
Starting today
we are one family
Please take good care of me
Applause
Alright
Lu Yi
your desk
is right over there
across from Lin Shen
Alright
One more thing
I still need to ask for your help with something
Go ahead then
Well, you see
I am homeless right now
As for a place
I cannot find one that quickly
I heard
Comrade Lin Shen
you rent a place nearby, right
Lin Shen
I remember your place is pretty big
There is room for a sofa bed too
Right
How about this
Lu Yi
can stay with you for now
That way you can look out for each other
No
I do not think it is a good idea either
What is it to you
Stay out of it
Then it is settled for now
Lin Shen
help Lu Yi sort out her luggage first
Does what I say as captain not count anymore
I was just
Thank you, Comrade Lin Shen
Thank you
Then my luggage
is in your hands
Comrade Lin Shen
Why does your place feel so cold
It is like an operating room
There is no homey feeling at all
The bed I bought for you arrives tomorrow
Change your shoes when you come in
Hang your coat on the rack
Clean up right after you eat
After eleven o'clock
you are not allowed to make any noise
Some things
should be seen from the bright side
It is so much livelier with two people living together
That way we can take care of each other
help each other
understand each other
Maybe when we have free time
we can discuss cases together more often
and really solve cases well together
Leg
In the future we can
be the two Sister Cops of our police team
What are you doing
There is no need to be this cruel
I actually can stop talking
What is this for
Why are you putting this up
Your hand
Your hand crossed the Boundary line
From now on, I stay here, you stay there
No interfering with each other
No bothering each other
Come on
How old are you, still doing a Boundary line?
Do you ever get tired of this?
Childish
Boundary line
I'm getting my pajamas
Then beg me
I...
This is my home
Which one?
The blue one
Here you go
Sorry about that, Comrade Lin Shen
I'm just kind of careless
And I have a lot of stuff
If you don't mind
you can also show some of
your helpful spirit
I don't mind
The room divider arrives tomorrow
I'm a neat freak
Hurry up and clean this up
The person in the photo
what exactly is their relation to Lin Shen?
Is it really connected to my dad's case?
With your little bit of skill,
how are you going to catch a suspect?
Well, I've still got you, don't I?
From now on, I'll handle solving cases
and you can handle catching suspects
Two Sister Cops joining forces
Where did the photo come from?